docs/conventions.md, before:

# Directory Structure

Subdirectories within the `Music` folder:

* `Personal`: Music files intended for personal listening. These are lossless format as much as possible, but may also include scrappy rips that I downloaded as a teenager.
* `DJ`: Music files intended for being used in DJ sets. These should be 320k MP3 files unless there is a very good reason for them not to be, as this is the most compatible high quality format for things like CDJs. Rekordbox should only be looking in the `DJ` folder, so tracks in other folders should always be copied or moved here.
* `Draft`: Rips from online, or other potentially lower-quality files, which are downloaded in order for them to be experimented with in set preparation. These files are intended to be replaced with a full quality version bought when the track is confirmed to be needed.

# Phrasing

In DnB tracks, a phrase is typically 16 bars (16 * 4 = 64 beats). This equates to four taps on the 16-beat beat jump button on a CDJ.

# Memory Cues

CDJ memory cues should be used to indicate potential "mix crossover points" - where the vibe of what's being played in a mix can switch from one track to the next. Crossover points will usually occur on boundaries of different sections of a track, eg. when the first main section transitions into a breakdown.

Memory cues earlier in a track will usually be used as "mix in" points for that track. Memory cues later in the track will usually be used as "mix out" points. A countdown of the number of bars to the next memory cue can be shown alongside the waveform, to assess how much of the track is left until a crossover should occur.

# Hot Cues

The primary use of CDJ hot cues should be to indicate positions where a mix of a new track should begin. They should establish sections of "runway", usually one or two phrases, leading up to a memory cue.

Consequently, hot cues should *not* usually be placed on a boundary between two distinct sections of a track, since the boundary should be the crossover point, and there would be no space to mix the track in up to that boundary. An exception to this would be if the runway to a memory cue happens to place a hot cue on a previous boundary; the hot cue should not be used to mix in to the boundary it is on top of, but rather the next one.

## Hot Cue Banks

Older CDJ controllers may only have three hot cue buttons available; therefore, the first three hot cues should always be reserved for the three most appropriate sections of runway in a track.

The best use of hot cues and colour assignments in my workflow is still to be decided, so for now hot cues should be left unassigned.

## Gating

The setting "During pause, GATE playback is applied to hot cues" does not apply to CDJs, only to Rekordbox. The setting should be left off, to avoid confusion.

# Energy Levels

Star ratings are used to denote energy levels for tracks. The levels are based loosely around the following examples:

* **1 Star (Relax):** London Grammar - If You Wait (Calibre Alternate Remix)
* **2 Stars (Vibe):** DRS, Tyler Daley & Calibre - I Remember
* **3 Stars (Groove):** Logistics - Cascades Of Colour
* **4 Stars (Dance):** High Contrast - Racing Green
* **5 Stars (Rave):** Netsky - Love Has Gone

Commit message:

Added notes on memory cue colours

docs/conventions.md, after:

# Directory Structure

Subdirectories within the `Music` folder:

* `Personal`: Music files intended for personal listening. These are lossless format as much as possible, but may also include scrappy rips that I downloaded as a teenager.
* `DJ`: Music files intended for being used in DJ sets. These should be 320k MP3 files unless there is a very good reason for them not to be, as this is the most compatible high quality format for things like CDJs. Rekordbox should only be looking in the `DJ` folder, so tracks in other folders should always be copied or moved here.
* `Draft`: Rips from online, or other potentially lower-quality files, which are downloaded in order for them to be experimented with in set preparation. These files are intended to be replaced with a full quality version bought when the track is confirmed to be needed.

# Phrasing

In DnB tracks, a phrase is typically 16 bars (16 * 4 = 64 beats). This equates to four taps on the 16-beat beat jump button on a CDJ.

# Memory Cues

CDJ memory cues should be used to indicate potential "mix crossover points" - where the vibe of what's being played in a mix can switch from one track to the next. Crossover points will usually occur on boundaries of different sections of a track, eg. when the first main section transitions into a breakdown.

Memory cues earlier in a track will usually be used as "mix in" points for that track. Memory cues later in the track will usually be used as "mix out" points. A countdown of the number of bars to the next memory cue can be shown alongside the waveform, to assess how much of the track is left until a crossover should occur.

## Memory Cue Colours

Memory cues can be assigned colours in Rekordbox by clicking the empty space to the left of their entry in the memory cue table. These colours are reflected on the CDJ screen.

Memory cue colours should be assigned to indicate the following:

* <span style="background-color: #ff0000">__</span> **Red:** Default. No specific meaning.
* <span style="background-color: #fcb10f">__</span> **Orange:** The number of bars between this memory cue and the next is not nicely divisible into one or more phrases. Be careful when mixing in or out here, as the phrases will likely not line up.

# Hot Cues

The primary use of CDJ hot cues should be to indicate positions where a mix of a new track should begin. They should establish sections of "runway", usually one or two phrases, leading up to a memory cue.

Consequently, hot cues should *not* usually be placed on a boundary between two distinct sections of a track, since the boundary should be the crossover point, and there would be no space to mix the track in up to that boundary. An exception to this would be if the runway to a memory cue happens to place a hot cue on a previous boundary; the hot cue should not be used to mix in to the boundary it is on top of, but rather the next one.

## Hot Cue Banks

Older CDJ controllers may only have three hot cue buttons available; therefore, the first three hot cues should always be reserved for the three most appropriate sections of runway in a track.

The best use of hot cues and colour assignments in my workflow is still to be decided, so for now hot cues should be left unassigned.

## Gating

The setting "During pause, GATE playback is applied to hot cues" does not apply to CDJs, only to Rekordbox. The setting should be left off, to avoid confusion.

# Energy Levels

Star ratings are used to denote energy levels for tracks. The levels are based loosely around the following examples:

* **1 Star (Relax):** London Grammar - If You Wait (Calibre Alternate Remix)
* **2 Stars (Vibe):** DRS, Tyler Daley & Calibre - I Remember
* **3 Stars (Groove):** Logistics - Cascades Of Colour
* **4 Stars (Dance):** High Contrast - Racing Green
* **5 Stars (Rave):** Netsky - Love Has Gone
